In the last section we spoke a little bit about the behavior or the purpose of react as it relates to
rebox and this application we're about to build.
So we're going to treat re-act much more like just layer that produces GSX and content like that's it.
That's all we want react do from now on.
And we're going to depend on redux for handling all the decision making inside our application.
So with that in mind we're going to get started on our log in form in this section.
The first thing we need to do is make sure that we pull over all those default re-usable components
that we've been carting around all over the place.
So again there are fancier ways to do this by using NPM or get some modules but we're going to do it
in the simplest way possible.
We're just going to copy paste a directory full of all those common components.
So inside my source directory I'm going to make a new folder called components and then I'm going to
open up my current directory.
So here is my manager project and I'm also going to open up a second window here just so I can be very
explicit about what's going on.
Let's go over to my workspace.
I'm going to find my last project that I worked on which was the tech stack project.
I mean go in there and find my common directory.
So here's my button card card section blah blah blah.
And I copy this send a copy of a directory and it come over to my manager application and drop it into
the source excuse me in the components directory.
There we go.
There you go.
OK so in component's I've got my common folder and inside of their button card card section voila all
that good stuff.
All right.
So we now got our starter pack of components something to very quickly get start with our application
again with Riak native.
So fantastic to have reusable components like this it really speeds up development.
So let's get started with our log in form.
We're going to create a new folder or a new file inside the components directory called log in form
so because we are going to be making a standalone component this time one that depends way more on redux.
I'm not going to copy paste over my existing log in form.
We're going to do this from scratch and say OK how do we make a log in form that works nicely with redux.
And we're going to kind of you know juxtapose the react based approach with the react with redox approach
instead.
So it's going to you know get a better sense of what the differences difference is between these two
different approaches.
So it's putting in some boilerplate for a log in form at the top will import react and component from
react and we'll get started with just the card component from common.
So one of our common components that will make our log and form
will place our render method and will return a default card component right now.
And at the bottom will export default log and form like so and then just to get something to show up
on the screen of our application.
I'm going to flip back over to the app component.
I'm going to import the log in form at the top
components log and form and I'm going to replace my text tag.
In my view tag inside the render method with this log in form OK so who looks like I got a little typo
on the path there.
So import log in form from components.
That's better.
OK.
So nothing special going on so far.
Again just our very standard boilerplate in here just yet.
Do you take note that I'm not worrying about navigation yet.
So you know there's no concept of showing different content to the user yet we're always going to show
the log in form to them right now.
All right.
So let's do a quick refresh just to make sure that everything is going ok.
Most importantly I want to make sure that we've got those default components over.
It looks I know it's very subtle but we kind of see the border here of the card component so it looks
like we're in a good spot here.
Now let's continue by doing a little more scaffolding out.
I want to create my input tags for my email and password.
So at the top we're going to import our card section our inputs and our button and now we're going to
place our e-mail and put our password input and our button tag as well.
So we'll make a card section we're going to need three of these one for both components and one for
the button song and I copy paste these in as well.
So I got three card sections now and the first of all put our input
for our e-mail.
I'll give it a placeholder.
About e-mail at CNN.com.
That's what we did last time.
Inside the second one the second card section that is we'll place our password so thrown secure tech
century remember this is the prompt to say they make sure that the text in here displays as dots and
give a label of password past board.
That's interesting.
Password a placeholder of password.
And finally we'll do our button
and they'll just have the text log in.
OK.
So good boilerplate good place to start.
Let's do another refresh to make sure that we're going ok so far.
And yup looks good.
We got e-mail password and log in button on the screen.
So notice that so far.
Yes everything looks identical.
We still have to have the inputs we still have that button for all that stuff.
It's still happening on the re-act side.
What's really going to start to change however is the fact that we're not going to have the component
keep track of the value of the email and password.
We're going to have redux be in charge of that instead.
So let's continue the next section and start hooking up redux to this forum.